starting and ending greeting
self intro
project intro
weakness and strength

Starting Greeting:
    - Good morning, Mr. Johnson. It's a pleasure to meet you.
    - Good afternoon, Ms. Johnson. It's a pleasure to be here.
    - Good evening, Mr. Smith. It's great to meet you.

Self Intro:
    - Hi, my name is Nikunj Joshi and It's a pleasure to be here.
    - I have a Masters's degree in Computer Science and have around 5+ years of experience in software development
    - During that time, I've had the opportunity to work on a variety of projects, technologies, and tools,
        and have a strong background in Python and its frameworks like (Flask, Django, and FastApi)
        and also have basic knowledge about frontend frameworks like reactJS and vueJS.
        I've familiar with version control systems like GitHub and GitLab and other development tools and services like
        doker, redis, kafka and AWS and GCP cloud services
    - I am excited about the opportunity to bring my expertise to the genome system and to work with a team of talented engineers.


Project Intro:

Blockchain Servers Platform:
    Blockchain servers platform is cloud service provider for next generation of the internet protocols.
    basically it sales servers/nodes specifically for different blockchains.
    the project is divided into different small microservice and also we have implemented some third party tools and systems.

    for selling, listing and pyment functionality we are using existing tird party system WHMCS which is built in php
    for new portal backend is in flask and fastapi
    frontend is built in reactJS.
    and also using mysql, mongodb, and radis for data storage and temporary data storage.
    for monitoring, restart, reboot, and update system, we developed a agent which is written in rust language,
    and also used prometheus and grafana for visualized the realtime monitoring of nodes.
    for procuring and reinstalling the node and os we used drone pipelines which are written in python, js, rust and shell scripting.

    - My key role in this project is
        Manage Backend Project, create REST api in Flask and FastApi.
        triggering provisioning pipelines.
        manage data in between microservices and third party tools.

Shopping Scraper:
    Shopping Scraper helps in extracting data from marketplaces such as Google Shopping, Amazon
    and other online stores in specific European and other countries domain.
    It scrapes product details from the product details page and helps to analyze the market for new prospects and clients.

    The system identifies all relevant sellers, Descriptions, Specs, Brands, EAN(European article Number), Products Images, Product Links, Categories, Stock
    Availability, Reviews/Ranking, prices, and many more details and update multiple times a day.
    the system will automatically scrap the details about the products and track the realtime details.

    the user can put tracker on particular product detail like
    price, availability and stock on particular platform, or download data in .csv, .xlsx, and JASON.

    the system is divided into different small microservice
    the backend is developed in flask framework, the front-end is in reactJS
    and also used different databases and storage for storing, updating and restoring the data.
    like (MySQL, RethinkDB, Kafka, Google BigQuery, Google FireStore, celery, radis, S3 Bucket)

    - My responsibility here was to develop the REST APIs using the Flask framework.
        and at the same time working with selenium and beautifulsoup for scrap product information from different ecommerce platforms.
        and normalize data, dump those normalize data in different databases and storage systems.

Electo Analytics:
    - Electo analytics is a unified platform to manage and simplify Public Affairs and Government Relations.
        With the help of electo, businesses can monitor policies, Roles, votes, Engage Stakeholders, Manage Directories to
        keep track of Legislative bills and Regulations.

    - Electo Premium provides overall coverage of United States Congress and helps the Businesses by providing voting records of
        representatives and senators, biographical & committee data from various sources,
        and giving real-time updates on state, local, and federal proposals from the point of introduction to final bills and regulations.

     The system backend is built in Django, Django REST-framework and frontend is in vueJS.
     the scraping scripts are written in core python.
     and we also have used cron jobs, django-rq and AWS services.

    - My responsibility here was to develop the REST APIs using the Django REST-framework.
        and at the same time working on scraping scripts for scrap the data about US congress.
        and normalize data, dump those normalize data in different databases and storage systems.

HR Management Portal:
    - HR Management Portal A web based application, it is used to manage human resources for an organization.
        An organization can manage leaves, overtime, employee reviews, employee salaries,
        interviews, broadcast lists, user groups and permissions etc

    - my key role in this project was to develop the system using the flask framework.
        handling both backend and frontend in same Flask with jinja template.


Weakness:
    - Sometimes, I struggle with finding the balance between speed and quality when working on a project. In the past,
        I've spent too much time optimizing code or exploring alternative solutions,
        which can cause delays in the project timeline.

Strength:
    - I have a strong technical background in python programming language,
        which allows me to quickly understand complex problems and develop effective solutions.
    - I have good analytical and problem-solving skills,
        which enable me to approach challenges in a logical and systematic way.

Ending Greeting:
    - Thank you for your time and consideration today.
    - It was great to meet with you.
    - have a nice (day/evening), good bay.


Python and it’s Frameworks Django, FastApi, Flask
Django Rest framework
React js, Vue js
Docker
AWS, GCP
Ajax, JavaScript and JQuery
Scraping Tool such as Selenium & BeautifulSoup
MySQL, SQLITE, PostgreSQL
MongoDB, RethinkDB, Google BigQuery, Google FireStore
S3 Bucket, AWS Lambda, AWS Cognito, AWS CloudWatch
HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Responsive Web Design
SEO techniques
Version Control GitHub, GitLab & Bitbucket
Agile Scrum
PyCharm, Postman, Pandas, Django-Oscar, httpx, Django Wagtail, NumPy, Django-CMS, Matplotlib, Django-rq, Celery, Django-Filter, Sk-Learn, Beautiful-Soup, Selenium, Requests, PyMongo, Pytest